[maintenance/master] 'elasticsearch' updated '5.6.14' -> '6.6.0' (#361)
bitnami/kube-prod-runtime: docs/migration-guides/bkpr-1.2-migration-guide.md

# Migration Guide: Moving to BKPR v1.2

> This document is intended towards users who want upgrade their Kubernetes clusters to BKPR v1.2 from BKPR v1.1 and below. The document will assist in migrating a Kubernetes cluster to BKPR v1.2. Be sure to read this guide in its entirety before performing the upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is for users who want to upgrade their Kubernetes clusters to BKPR v1.2 from BKPR v1.1 and below. The document will assist in migrating a Kubernetes cluster to BKPR v1.2. Be sure to read this guide in its entirety before performing the upgrade.
```

Reviewer: Aside: I think we should remove "or below" from this doc.  As discussed earlier, it will be much easier if we _only_ need to handle upgrades from v1.1->v1.2.  (Easy enough to manage both 1.0 and 1.1 in this case, but this will be increasingly difficult going forward.  We can only realistically support/document/test strict N -> N+1 upgrades at this time, so we may as well start saying that now.)

The [official Kibana 6 index migration guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/6.0/migrating-6.0-index.html#migrating-6.0-index) lists the steps to follow for migrating the Kibana index to the 6.0 format.

> **Note**:
>
> To perform the migration with zero downtime, add `"index.format": 6` and `"index.mapping.single_type": true` under `settings` in the second step of the Kibana index migration guide.

Access the Kibana console editor by visiting `https://kibana.my-domain.com/app/kibana#/dev_tools/console`* and execute the steps listed in the [Kibana index migration guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/6.0/migrating-6.0-index.html#migrating-6.0-index).

_*Replace `my-domain.com` in the above URL with the DNS suffix specified while installing BKPR_

## Upgrade to BKPR v1.2

After the Kibana index has been migrated to the 6.0 format, you can upgrade BKPR to v1.2 with the following steps:

### Step 1: Update the installer

Follow the [installation guide](install.md) to update the BKPR installer binary to the latest release of BKPR v1.2.

> ### Step 2: Edit `kubeprod-manifest.jsonnet`

Reviewer 2: Where does this mean? Where is this supposed to be?

Reviewer 2: If this was generated in the previous install, we should specify that, and explain where people would expect it.

Reviewer 3: linked back to the workflow document for the upgrade instructions. The workflow document has other related information.

Edit the `kubeprod-manifest.jsonnet` file and update the `import` statement to point to the location of the manifests from the downloaded BKPR release.

### Step 3: Perform the upgrade

> Re-run the `kubeprod install` command in the directory containing the existing `kubeprod-autogen.json` and updated `kubeprod-manifest.jsonnet` files.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

Reviewer 3: linked back to the workflow document and added some more details about the `kubeprod-manifest.jsonnet` file.
